fix(generic-worker): set defaults before validating payload (#6344)
taskcluster/taskcluster: changelog/issue-6237.md

audience: general
level: patch
reference: issue 6237
---

> This patch fixes the case where a generic worker won't upload its log on a malformed payload error. This has been broken since v48.2.0 from PR [#6107](https://github.com/taskcluster/taskcluster/pull/6107).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix the case where a generic worker won't upload its log on a malformed payload error. This has been broken since v48.2.0 from PR [#6107](https://github.com/taskcluster/taskcluster/pull/6107).
```

probably better to phrase it from the changelog reader point of view?

Reviewer: Fix/Fixed not sure :)
